You're awake
You can go downstairs for breakfast
OK
What's up?
The legs are a little soft
I caused it
It's You
It's your bad technique.
Some people are finally willing to come back
The grandson of the ship king returns to Hong Kong today
I'm really looking forward to losing and getting out of here
The more you say
It means that the more afraid you are, do you know what you are like now?
It's like a wave.
Xiao Xu
It just so happens that this is the direct grandson of the ship king
Zhao Lian'an
Please treat me well.
Then I will
Hello, my name is Zhao Lian'an.
Zhao Liu will do
Hello, Mr. Zhao, the service curator, this way please
Call me Leo
It used to be that we begged for cooperation
And this was the first time he'd actually come into the office in person.
Xu Shiyang still has some strength
I'm just more concerned
What about her bet with Marty?
It's just a resource for fooling around with men
Those who are red-eyed, beware of rotten eyes
Happy cooperation
Then I'll go first.
Ah Jing, is your woman very professional?
Technology is great.
Yes, I like it very much.